docs: transfer set up from a covenant signer to a covenant emulator (#50)
babylonlabs-io/covenant-emulator: docs/configure-with-signer.md

# Configuring the Covenant Emulator with covenant Signer

## Table of Contents 

1. [Purpose of this guide](#1-purpose-of-this-guide)
2. [Prerequesites](#2-prerequisites)
3. [Install Covenant Emulator Binary](#3-install-covenant-emulator-binary)
4. [Setting up the Covenant Emulator Program](#4-setting-up-the-covenant-emulator-program)
	1. [Initialize directories](#41-initialize-directories)
	2. [Configure the covenant emulator](#42-configure-the-covenant-emulator)
5. [Generate key pairs](#5-generate-key-pairs)
6. [Start the emulator daemon](#6-start-the-emulator-daemon)

## 1. Purpose of this guide

This guide outlines the transition from solely using the covenant signer to an 
integrated setup that includes the covenant emulator.

Previously, the [covenant signer](https://github.com/babylonlabs-io/covenant-signer), 

> was limited to signing unbonding signatures.  In this transition we are introducing 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
was limited to signing unbonding signatures.
Phase-2 requires additional functionality that is covered by
```

- `RPCAddr` - HTTP endpoint for connecting to a Babylon node
- `GRPCAddr` - gRPC endpoint for connecting to a Babylon node
- `Key` - Name of the key in the keyring used for transaction signing
- `KeyringBackend` - Storage backend for the keyring (os, file, kwallet, pass, test, memory)
- `URL` - Endpoint where the remote signing service is running
- `Timeout` - Maximum time to wait for remote signer responses
- `RemoteSignerEnabled` - Whether to use the remote signing service

Ensure that the covenant signer is running and unlocked before proceeding 
otherwise you will be unable to run the emulator.

## 5. Generate key pairs

The covenant emulator daemon requires the existence of a Babylon keyring that 
signs signatures and interacts with Babylon. Use the following command to generate 
the key:

```bash
$ covd create-key --key-name covenant-key --chain-id bbn-test-5
{
    "name": "covenant-key",
    "public-key": "9bd5baaba3d3fb5a8bcb8c2995c51793e14a1e32f1665cade168f638e3b15538"
}
```

After executing the above command, the key name will be saved in the config file
created in the last [step](#42-configure-the-covenant-emulator).

> Note that the `public-key` in the output should be used as one of the inputs of

Reviewer: It looks like this is the Babylon key that the covenant uses to submit stuff to Babylon. However, it's very weird that we output it in this format, we should be outputting the address.
